Minami
English sub by: SiR XerdY
"Waiting for Rain"
‘Proccesing-system’  It’s a film we’re still holding onto.
Steering the clay while getting engulfed by it, seems as if it’ll turn to solid soon.
Looks like my tax-words were still not enough.
Now I'm filling the scribbled drafts I left firmly, but gently.
It’s all fine, I’m sure someone just turned into an invisible person.
Ah, I guess today’s also no good.
Through the viewfinder, someone's crying.
Could you just please let me rain?
No matter how many times I recapture it, it’s still cloudy
Now I can’t reach those lyrics anymore.
If you just twist those ambiguous words, although it’s about to solidify, it still needs something…
How true, because now it’s being filled with emptiness.
I don't think there is any point in universalizing it.
I can’t keep up with the rain.
I’m too exhausted for this.
I just want this to not be a waste
Because the things I like have been swallowed up in blue and vanishes.
A cheap reasoning from a self-proclaimed detective.
Through the shop window, the rain cries.
Before it's finally filled with darkness,
I'll gently remove this USB.
Someday, love the me from back then, okay?
Being deceived because of the rain,
The zero became a little bit lonely
You will never come back, can’t go back, can’t go home.
Hurry up!… hurry up… I need to hurry up
Before it turns like this,
I will keep holding my breath and endure
This bothersome screensaver.
I will absolutely never forget.
Tomorrow, the viewfinder-!
If the sky through it is still cloudy,
Could you please smile softly for me?
Trying to be in focus, to keep from shaking.
I hope these lyrics will reach you someday.
Compared to this,
It was too blue, I just couldn't help it.
I tried my best to express it with my poor tax-words,
Yet even the heirarchy within my mind
Is bidding me Goodnight.
Even I wasn't sure why, but I was always
Waiting timidly like a coward.
The clock hand kept chasing me
And you are the number next to me.
Wait! Wait. You'll wait won't you?
​Even if it's just illusion!
I guess it's me who's no good, after all...
Even if you pick it up, it'll just blur.
But I'll keep waiting for the crying rain.
"Waiting for Rain"
 
Music by: Minami
Animation by: syo5